---
fragment: content
date: 2015-12-15
title: Polly Labs wins HiPEAC Tech Transfer Award
---


We are proud to announce that Polly Labs won the <a
href="https://www.hipeac.net/press/releases/6774/hipeac-tech-transfer-award-2015-winners-announced/">HiPEAC
Tech Transfer Award 2015</a>.

The HiPEAC Tech Transfer Award has been awarded to Polly Labs for the continous
development and deployment of the <a href="http://polly.llvm.org">Polly Loop
Optimizer</a> and the <a href="http://repo.or.cz/w/isl.git">isl Integer Set
Library</a>.  Both software artifacts are not only widely used in research, but
are today part of the <a
href="https://developer.qualcomm.com/software/snapdragon-llvm-compiler-android">Snapdragon
LLVM Compiler for Android</a> shipped by Qualcomm Inc. and are investigated by
other Polly Labs industry partners.

This achievement was only possible due to the regular contributions of the
growing <a
href="https://www.openhub.net/p/Polly/contributors?query=&time_span=12+months&sort=twelve_month_commits">Polly
open source community</a>. We want to thank especially <a
href="http://compilers.cs.uni-saarland.de/people/doerfert/">Johannes
Doerfert</a>, who was a leading community contributor in 2015 as well as all
the other contributers we got over time: Alexandre Isoard, Armin Groesslinger,
Chris Jenneisch, Christian Bielert, Dmitry N. Mikushin, Jack Howarth, Karthik
Senthil, Ajith Pandel, Lawrence Hu, Matthew Simpson, Peter Conn, Pratik Bhatu,
Richard Membarth, Roal Jordans, Sam Novak, Star Tan, Yabin Hu, Adrian Prantl,
Andreas Simbuerger, Andy Gibbs, Anton Korobeynikov, Benjamin Kramer, Bill
Wendling, Chandler Carruth, Craig Topper, Daniel Dunbar, Daniel Jasper, Zino
Benaissa, David Blaikie, David Peixotto, Duncan P. N. Exon Smith, Hongbin
Zheng, Logan Chien, Matt Arsenault, Micah Villmow, NAKAMURA Takumi, Patrik
HÃ¤gglund, Rafael Espindola, Raghesh Aloor, Roman Gareev, Saleem Abdulrasool,
Sameer Sahasrabuddhe, Sebastian Pop, Sumanth Gundapaneni, Sunil Srivastava,
Sylvestre Ledru, Tanya Lattner, Wei Mi and various others we would have very
much
deserved to be listed here.

As part of Polly Labs, <a href="https://who.rocq.inria.fr/Albert.Cohen/">Albert
Cohen</a>, <a href="http://people.cs.kuleuven.be/~sven.verdoolaege/">Sven
Verdoolage</a> and Michael Kruse from the <a
href="http://parkas.di.ens.fr/">INRIA Parkas team</a> as well as <a
href="htor.inf.ethz.ch">Torsten Hoefler</a> and <a
href="http://www.grosser.es">Tobias Grosser</a> from the <a
href="https://spcl.inf.ethz.ch/">Scalable Parallel Computing Lab</a> at <a
href="http://inf.ethz.ch">ETH Zurich</a> we are very happy to have received
this award and would like to thank again <a href="http://www.arm.com">ARM</a>
for their great support.
